Improve graceful shutdown handling (#554)
NitorCreations/nflow: CHANGELOG.md

**Details**

- `nflow-engine`
  - Improve shutdown sequence.

>     - Workflows that have been acquired from database, but had not yet started executing, are now resumed immediately by another executor.
>     - During the last 5 seconds of shutdown timeout the workflows are interrupted so that they persist their state and can be resumed immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Workflows that were acquired from the database but are not yet started executing can now be resumed immediately by another executor.
    - Executing workflows are interrupted 5 seconds before shutdown timeout so that they get a chance to persist their state to the database. This also allows other executors to immediately resume the processing of the successfully interrupted workflows.
```
